docs/customize/browser-parameters.mdx, before:

---
title: "All Parameters"
description: "Complete reference for all browser configuration options"
icon: "sliders"
mode: "wide"
---


### Core Settings
- `cdp_url`: CDP URL for connecting to existing browser instance (e.g., `http://localhost:9222`)
- `is_local` (default: `True`): Whether this is a local browser instance. Set to `False` for remote browsers
- `browser_profile`: BrowserProfile template for reusable configuration

### Display & Appearance
- `headless` (default: `None`): Run browser without UI. Auto-detects based on display availability
- `window_size`: Browser window size for headful mode (e.g., `{'width': 1920, 'height': 1080}`)
- `window_position` (default: `{'width': 0, 'height': 0}`): Window position from top-left corner
- `viewport`: Content area size (e.g., `{'width': 1280, 'height': 720}`)
- `device_scale_factor`: Device scale factor (DPI). Set to 2 or 3 for high-resolution screenshots

### Browser Behavior
- `stealth` (default: `False`): Use stealth techniques to avoid bot detection
- `keep_alive` (default: `None`): Keep browser running after agent completes
- `allowed_domains`: Restrict navigation to specific domains (e.g., `['*.google.com']`)
- `enable_default_extensions` (default: `True`): Load automation extensions (uBlock, cookie handlers)

### User Data & Profiles
- `user_data_dir` (default: `'~/.config/browseruse/profiles/default'`): Directory for browser profile data. Set to `None` for incognito
- `profile_directory` (default: `'Default'`): Chrome profile subdirectory name
- `storage_state`: Browser storage state (cookies, localStorage). Can be file path or dict

### Network & Security
- `proxy`: Proxy configuration using `ProxySettings(server, username, password, bypass)`
- `permissions` (default: `['clipboardReadWrite', 'notifications']`): Browser permissions to grant
- `bypass_csp` (default: `False`): Bypass Content Security Policy (increases bot detection risk)
- `ignore_https_errors` (default: `False`): Ignore HTTPS certificate errors
- `extra_http_headers`: Additional HTTP headers sent with every request

### Browser Launch
- `executable_path`: Path to browser executable for custom installations
- `channel`: Browser channel (`'chromium'`, `'chrome'`, `'chrome-beta'`, `'msedge'`, etc.)
- `args`: Additional command-line arguments for the browser
- `env`: Environment variables for browser process
- `chromium_sandbox` (default: `True`): Enable Chromium sandboxing (auto-disabled in Docker)
- `devtools` (default: `False`): Open DevTools panel automatically (requires `headless=False`)

### Timing & Performance
- `default_timeout`: Default timeout for browser operations in milliseconds
- `default_navigation_timeout`: Default timeout for page navigation
- `minimum_wait_page_load_time` (default: `0.25`): Minimum time to wait before capturing page state
- `wait_for_network_idle_page_load_time` (default: `0.5`): Time to wait for network activity to cease
- `maximum_wait_page_load_time` (default: `5.0`): Maximum time to wait for page load
- `wait_between_actions` (default: `0.5`): Time to wait between agent actions
- `slow_mo` (default: `0.0`): Slow down actions by this many milliseconds

### AI Integration
- `highlight_elements` (default: `True`): Highlight interactive elements for AI vision
- `viewport_expansion` (default: `500`): Viewport expansion in pixels for AI context
- `include_dynamic_attributes` (default: `True`): Include dynamic attributes in selectors

### Downloads & Files
- `accept_downloads` (default: `True`): Automatically accept all downloads
- `downloads_path`: Directory for downloaded files
- `auto_download_pdfs` (default: `True`): Automatically download PDFs

### Device Emulation
- `user_agent`: Custom user agent string
- `is_mobile` (default: `False`): Enable mobile viewport and touch events
- `locale`: User locale (e.g., `'en-GB'`, `'de-DE'`)
- `timezone_id`: Timezone identifier (e.g., `'America/New_York'`, `'UTC'`)
- `color_scheme` (default: `'light'`): Preferred color scheme (`'light'`, `'dark'`, `'no-preference'`)

### Recording
- `record_video_dir`: Directory to save video recordings as `.webm` files
- `record_har_path`: Path to save network trace files as `.har` format
- `traces_dir`: Directory to save complete trace files

### Advanced Options
- `disable_security` (default: `False`): ⚠️ NOT RECOMMENDED. Disables all browser security features
- `deterministic_rendering` (default: `False`): ⚠️ NOT RECOMMENDED. Forces consistent rendering but reduces performance
- `cross_origin_iframes` (default: `False`): Enable cross-origin iframe support

---

Commit message:

Clarification on profile and session

docs/customize/browser-parameters.mdx, after:

---
title: "All Parameters"
description: "Complete reference for all browser configuration options"
icon: "sliders"
mode: "wide"
---


### Core Settings
- `cdp_url`: CDP URL for connecting to existing browser instance (e.g., `http://localhost:9222`)
- `is_local` (default: `True`): Whether this is a local browser instance. Set to `False` for remote browsers

### Display & Appearance
- `headless` (default: `None`): Run browser without UI. Auto-detects based on display availability
- `window_size`: Browser window size for headful mode (e.g., `{'width': 1920, 'height': 1080}`)
- `window_position` (default: `{'width': 0, 'height': 0}`): Window position from top-left corner
- `viewport`: Content area size (e.g., `{'width': 1280, 'height': 720}`)
- `device_scale_factor`: Device scale factor (DPI). Set to 2 or 3 for high-resolution screenshots

### Browser Behavior
- `stealth` (default: `False`): Use stealth techniques to avoid bot detection
- `keep_alive` (default: `None`): Keep browser running after agent completes
- `allowed_domains`: Restrict navigation to specific domains (e.g., `['*.google.com']`)
- `enable_default_extensions` (default: `True`): Load automation extensions (uBlock, cookie handlers)

### User Data & Profiles
- `user_data_dir` (default: `'~/.config/browseruse/profiles/default'`): Directory for browser profile data. Set to `None` for incognito
- `profile_directory` (default: `'Default'`): Chrome profile subdirectory name
- `storage_state`: Browser storage state (cookies, localStorage). Can be file path or dict

### Network & Security
- `proxy`: Proxy configuration using `ProxySettings(server, username, password, bypass)`
- `permissions` (default: `['clipboardReadWrite', 'notifications']`): Browser permissions to grant
- `bypass_csp` (default: `False`): Bypass Content Security Policy (increases bot detection risk)
- `ignore_https_errors` (default: `False`): Ignore HTTPS certificate errors
- `extra_http_headers`: Additional HTTP headers sent with every request

### Browser Launch
- `executable_path`: Path to browser executable for custom installations
- `channel`: Browser channel (`'chromium'`, `'chrome'`, `'chrome-beta'`, `'msedge'`, etc.)
- `args`: Additional command-line arguments for the browser
- `env`: Environment variables for browser process
- `chromium_sandbox` (default: `True`): Enable Chromium sandboxing (auto-disabled in Docker)
- `devtools` (default: `False`): Open DevTools panel automatically (requires `headless=False`)

### Timing & Performance
- `default_timeout`: Default timeout for browser operations in milliseconds
- `default_navigation_timeout`: Default timeout for page navigation
- `minimum_wait_page_load_time` (default: `0.25`): Minimum time to wait before capturing page state
- `wait_for_network_idle_page_load_time` (default: `0.5`): Time to wait for network activity to cease
- `maximum_wait_page_load_time` (default: `5.0`): Maximum time to wait for page load
- `wait_between_actions` (default: `0.5`): Time to wait between agent actions
- `slow_mo` (default: `0.0`): Slow down actions by this many milliseconds

### AI Integration
- `highlight_elements` (default: `True`): Highlight interactive elements for AI vision
- `viewport_expansion` (default: `500`): Viewport expansion in pixels for AI context
- `include_dynamic_attributes` (default: `True`): Include dynamic attributes in selectors

### Downloads & Files
- `accept_downloads` (default: `True`): Automatically accept all downloads
- `downloads_path`: Directory for downloaded files
- `auto_download_pdfs` (default: `True`): Automatically download PDFs

### Device Emulation
- `user_agent`: Custom user agent string
- `is_mobile` (default: `False`): Enable mobile viewport and touch events
- `locale`: User locale (e.g., `'en-GB'`, `'de-DE'`)
- `timezone_id`: Timezone identifier (e.g., `'America/New_York'`, `'UTC'`)
- `color_scheme` (default: `'light'`): Preferred color scheme (`'light'`, `'dark'`, `'no-preference'`)

### Recording
- `record_video_dir`: Directory to save video recordings as `.webm` files
- `record_har_path`: Path to save network trace files as `.har` format
- `traces_dir`: Directory to save complete trace files

### Advanced Options
- `disable_security` (default: `False`): ⚠️ NOT RECOMMENDED. Disables all browser security features
- `deterministic_rendering` (default: `False`): ⚠️ NOT RECOMMENDED. Forces consistent rendering but reduces performance
- `cross_origin_iframes` (default: `False`): Enable cross-origin iframe support

---

## Outdated BrowserProfile
For backward compatibility, you can pass all the parameters from above to the `BrowserProfile` and then to the `Browser`.
```python
from browser_use import BrowserProfile
profile = BrowserProfile(headless=False, stealth=True)
browser = Browser(browser_profile=profile)
```


## Browser vs BrowserSession

`Browser` is an alias for `BrowserSession` - they are exactly the same class:
Use `Browser` for cleaner, more intuitive code.
