docs/customize/tools-register.mdx, before:

---
title: "Add Tools"
description: "You can add your own tools!"
icon: "plus"
mode: "wide"
---


Examples:
- deterministic clicks
- file handling
- calling APIs
- human-in-the-loop
- browser interactions
- calling LLMs
- get 2fa codes
- send emails
...

To register your own custom functions (`sync` or `async`), add `@controller.action(...)`.

```python
from browser_use import Controller, Agent

controller = Controller()

@controller.action(description='Ask human for help with a question')
def ask_human(question: str) -> ActionResult:
    answer = input(f'{question} > ')
    return f'The human responded with: {answer}'
```

```python
agent = Agent(task='...', llm=llm, controller=controller)
```



## Decorator Parameters

The `@controller.action()` decorator accepts these parameters:

- **`description`** *(required)* - What the tool does, the LLM uses this to decide when to call it. Explain here the rules how to use the tool.
- **`allowed_domains`** - List of domains where tool can run (e.g. `['*.example.com']`), defaults to all domains

<Note>
  - The Agent chooses between tools to run solely based on the function name and description
  - The Agent fills tool parameters based on their names, type hints, & defaults
</Note>

## Available Objects

Your tools have access to these objects:

- **`browser_session: BrowserSession`** - Current browser session for CDP access
- **`cdp_client`** - Direct Chrome DevTools Protocol client
- **`page_extraction_llm: BaseChatModel`** - The LLM you pass into agent. This can be used to do a custom llm call here.
- **`file_system: FileSystem`** - File system access
- **`available_file_paths: list[str]`** - Available files for upload/processing
- **`has_sensitive_data: bool`** - Whether action contains sensitive data

## Pydantic Input

You can use Pydantic for the tool parameters:

```python
from pydantic import BaseModel

class Cars(BaseModel):
    name: str
    price: int

@controller.action(description='Save cars to file')
def save_cars(cars: list[Cars]) -> str:
    with open('cars.json', 'w') as f:
        json.dump(cars, f)
    return f'Saved {len(cars)} cars to file'

task = "find cars and save them to file"
```
## Domain Restrictions

Limit tools to specific domains:

```python
@controller.action(
    description='Fill out banking forms',
    allowed_domains=['https://mybank.com']
)
def fill_bank_form(account_number: str) -> str:
    # Only works on mybank.com
    return f'Filled form for account {account_number}'
```

Commit message:

Refine tools documentation for clarity and completeness
- Updated the "Add Tools" section to enhance clarity in tool registration instructions and examples.
- Revised the "Remove Tools" section description for better user understanding.
- Improved the "Response" section headings for consistency and clarity in context management.

docs/customize/tools-register.mdx, after:

---
title: "Add Tools"
description: ""
icon: "plus"
mode: "wide"
---


Examples:
- deterministic clicks
- file handling
- calling APIs
- human-in-the-loop
- browser interactions
- calling LLMs
- get 2fa codes
- send emails
- ...

Simply add `@controller.action(...)` to your function.

```python
from browser_use import Controller, Agent

controller = Controller()

@controller.action(description='Ask human for help with a question')
def ask_human(question: str) -> ActionResult:
    answer = input(f'{question} > ')
    return f'The human responded with: {answer}'
```

```python
agent = Agent(task='...', llm=llm, controller=controller)
```

- **`description`** *(required)* - What the tool does, the LLM uses this to decide when to call it.
- **`allowed_domains`** - List of domains where tool can run (e.g. `['*.example.com']`), defaults to all domains

The Agent fills your function parameters based on their names, type hints, & defaults.


## Available Objects

Your function has access to these objects:

- **`browser_session: BrowserSession`** - Current browser session for CDP access
- **`cdp_client`** - Direct Chrome DevTools Protocol client
- **`page_extraction_llm: BaseChatModel`** - The LLM you pass into agent. This can be used to do a custom llm call here.
- **`file_system: FileSystem`** - File system access
- **`available_file_paths: list[str]`** - Available files for upload/processing
- **`has_sensitive_data: bool`** - Whether action contains sensitive data

## Pydantic Input

You can use Pydantic for the tool parameters:

```python
from pydantic import BaseModel

class Cars(BaseModel):
    name: str = Field(description='The name of the car, e.g. "Toyota Camry"')
    price: int = Field(description='The price of the car as int in USD, e.g. 25000')

@controller.action(description='Save cars to file')
def save_cars(cars: list[Cars]) -> str:
    with open('cars.json', 'w') as f:
        json.dump(cars, f)
    return f'Saved {len(cars)} cars to file'

task = "find cars and save them to file"
```
## Domain Restrictions

Limit tools to specific domains:

```python
@controller.action(
    description='Fill out banking forms',
    allowed_domains=['https://mybank.com']
)
def fill_bank_form(account_number: str) -> str:
    # Only works on mybank.com
    return f'Filled form for account {account_number}'
```
