docs/customize/browser/all-parameters.mdx, before:

---
title: "All Parameters"
description: "Complete reference for all browser configuration options"
icon: "sliders"
mode: "wide"
---

## Core Settings
- `cdp_url`: CDP URL for connecting to existing browser instance (e.g., `"http://localhost:9222"`)
- `is_local` (default: `True`): Whether this is a local browser instance. Set to `False` for remote browsers

## Display & Appearance
- `headless` (default: `None`): Run browser without UI. Auto-detects based on display availability (`True`/`False`/`None`)
- `window_size`: Browser window size for headful mode. Use dict `{'width': 1920, 'height': 1080}` or `ViewportSize` object
- `window_position` (default: `{'width': 0, 'height': 0}`): Window position from top-left corner in pixels
- `viewport`: Content area size, same format as `window_size`. Use `{'width': 1280, 'height': 720}` or `ViewportSize` object
- `no_viewport` (default: `None`): Disable viewport emulation, content fits to window size
- `device_scale_factor`: Device scale factor (DPI). Set to `2.0` or `3.0` for high-resolution screenshots



## Browser Behavior
- `stealth` (default: `False`): Use stealth techniques to avoid bot detection
- `keep_alive` (default: `None`): Keep browser running after agent completes
- `allowed_domains`: Restrict navigation to specific domains. Domain pattern formats:
  - `'example.com'` - Matches only `https://example.com/*`  
  - `'*.example.com'` - Matches `https://example.com/*` and any subdomain `https://*.example.com/*`
  - `'http*://example.com'` - Matches both `http://` and `https://` protocols
  - `'chrome-extension://*'` - Matches any Chrome extension URL
  - **Security**: Wildcards in TLD (e.g., `example.*`) are **not allowed** for security
  - Use list like `['*.google.com', 'https://example.com', 'chrome-extension://*']`
- `enable_default_extensions` (default: `True`): Load automation extensions (uBlock Origin, cookie handlers, ClearURLs)
- `cross_origin_iframes` (default: `False`): Enable cross-origin iframe support (may cause complexity)

## User Data & Profiles
- `user_data_dir` (default: auto-generated temp): Directory for browser profile data. Use `None` for incognito mode
- `profile_directory` (default: `'Default'`): Chrome profile subdirectory name (`'Profile 1'`, `'Work Profile'`, etc.)
- `storage_state`: Browser storage state (cookies, localStorage). Can be file path string or dict object

## Network & Security
- `proxy`: Proxy configuration using `ProxySettings(server='http://host:8080', bypass='localhost,127.0.0.1', username='user', password='pass')`
- `permissions` (default: `['clipboardReadWrite', 'notifications']`): Browser permissions to grant. Use list like `['camera', 'microphone', 'geolocation']`

- `headers`: Additional HTTP headers for connect requests (remote browsers only)


## Browser Launch
- `executable_path`: Path to browser executable for custom installations. Platform examples:
  - macOS: `'/Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome'`
  - Windows: `'C:\\Program Files\\Google\\Chrome\\Application\\chrome.exe'`
  - Linux: `'/usr/bin/google-chrome'`
- `channel`: Browser channel (`'chromium'`, `'chrome'`, `'chrome-beta'`, `'msedge'`, etc.)
- `args`: Additional command-line arguments for the browser. Use list format: `['--disable-gpu', '--custom-flag=value', '--another-flag']`
- `env`: Environment variables for browser process. Use dict like `{'DISPLAY': ':0', 'LANG': 'en_US.UTF-8', 'CUSTOM_VAR': 'test'}`
- `chromium_sandbox` (default: `True` except in Docker): Enable Chromium sandboxing for security
- `devtools` (default: `False`): Open DevTools panel automatically (requires `headless=False`)
- `ignore_default_args`: List of default args to disable, or `True` to disable all. Use list like `['--enable-automation', '--disable-extensions']`

## Timing & Performance
- `minimum_wait_page_load_time` (default: `0.25`): Minimum time to wait before capturing page state in seconds
- `wait_for_network_idle_page_load_time` (default: `0.5`): Time to wait for network activity to cease in seconds
- `wait_between_actions` (default: `0.5`): Time to wait between agent actions in seconds

## AI Integration
- `highlight_elements` (default: `True`): Highlight interactive elements for AI vision

## Downloads & Files
- `accept_downloads` (default: `True`): Automatically accept all downloads
- `downloads_path`: Directory for downloaded files. Use string like `'./downloads'` or `Path` object
- `auto_download_pdfs` (default: `True`): Automatically download PDFs instead of viewing in browser

## Device Emulation
- `user_agent`: Custom user agent string. Example: `'Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 14_0 like Mac OS X)'`
- `screen`: Screen size information, same format as `window_size`

## Recording & Debugging
- `record_video_dir`: Directory to save video recordings as `.webm` files
- `record_har_path`: Path to save network trace files as `.har` format
- `traces_dir`: Directory to save complete trace files for debugging
- `record_har_content` (default: `'embed'`): HAR content mode (`'omit'`, `'embed'`, `'attach'`)
- `record_har_mode` (default: `'full'`): HAR recording mode (`'full'`, `'minimal'`)

## Advanced Options
- `disable_security` (default: `False`): ⚠️ **NOT RECOMMENDED** - Disables all browser security features
- `deterministic_rendering` (default: `False`): ⚠️ **NOT RECOMMENDED** - Forces consistent rendering but reduces performance

---

## Outdated BrowserProfile
For backward compatibility, you can pass all the parameters from above to the `BrowserProfile` and then to the `Browser`.
```python
from browser_use import BrowserProfile
profile = BrowserProfile(headless=False, stealth=True)
browser = Browser(browser_profile=profile)
```

## Browser vs BrowserSession

`Browser` is an alias for `BrowserSession` - they are exactly the same class:
Use `Browser` for cleaner, more intuitive code.

Commit message:

Update browser parameters documentation to clarify `is_local` usage and remove deprecated `stealth` option. Adjust remote browser examples to reflect changes in parameter handling.

docs/customize/browser/all-parameters.mdx, after:

---
title: "All Parameters"
description: "Complete reference for all browser configuration options"
icon: "sliders"
mode: "wide"
---

## Core Settings
- `cdp_url`: CDP URL for connecting to existing browser instance (e.g., `"http://localhost:9222"`)

## Display & Appearance
- `headless` (default: `None`): Run browser without UI. Auto-detects based on display availability (`True`/`False`/`None`)
- `window_size`: Browser window size for headful mode. Use dict `{'width': 1920, 'height': 1080}` or `ViewportSize` object
- `window_position` (default: `{'width': 0, 'height': 0}`): Window position from top-left corner in pixels
- `viewport`: Content area size, same format as `window_size`. Use `{'width': 1280, 'height': 720}` or `ViewportSize` object
- `no_viewport` (default: `None`): Disable viewport emulation, content fits to window size
- `device_scale_factor`: Device scale factor (DPI). Set to `2.0` or `3.0` for high-resolution screenshots



## Browser Behavior
- `keep_alive` (default: `None`): Keep browser running after agent completes
- `allowed_domains`: Restrict navigation to specific domains. Domain pattern formats:
  - `'example.com'` - Matches only `https://example.com/*`  
  - `'*.example.com'` - Matches `https://example.com/*` and any subdomain `https://*.example.com/*`
  - `'http*://example.com'` - Matches both `http://` and `https://` protocols
  - `'chrome-extension://*'` - Matches any Chrome extension URL
  - **Security**: Wildcards in TLD (e.g., `example.*`) are **not allowed** for security
  - Use list like `['*.google.com', 'https://example.com', 'chrome-extension://*']`
- `enable_default_extensions` (default: `True`): Load automation extensions (uBlock Origin, cookie handlers, ClearURLs)
- `cross_origin_iframes` (default: `False`): Enable cross-origin iframe support (may cause complexity)
- `is_local` (default: `True`): Whether this is a local browser instance. Set to `False` for remote browsers. If we have a `executable_path` set, it will be automatically set to `True`. This can effect your download behavior.

## User Data & Profiles
- `user_data_dir` (default: auto-generated temp): Directory for browser profile data. Use `None` for incognito mode
- `profile_directory` (default: `'Default'`): Chrome profile subdirectory name (`'Profile 1'`, `'Work Profile'`, etc.)
- `storage_state`: Browser storage state (cookies, localStorage). Can be file path string or dict object

## Network & Security
- `proxy`: Proxy configuration using `ProxySettings(server='http://host:8080', bypass='localhost,127.0.0.1', username='user', password='pass')`
- `permissions` (default: `['clipboardReadWrite', 'notifications']`): Browser permissions to grant. Use list like `['camera', 'microphone', 'geolocation']`

- `headers`: Additional HTTP headers for connect requests (remote browsers only)


## Browser Launch
- `executable_path`: Path to browser executable for custom installations. Platform examples:
  - macOS: `'/Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome'`
  - Windows: `'C:\\Program Files\\Google\\Chrome\\Application\\chrome.exe'`
  - Linux: `'/usr/bin/google-chrome'`
- `channel`: Browser channel (`'chromium'`, `'chrome'`, `'chrome-beta'`, `'msedge'`, etc.)
- `args`: Additional command-line arguments for the browser. Use list format: `['--disable-gpu', '--custom-flag=value', '--another-flag']`
- `env`: Environment variables for browser process. Use dict like `{'DISPLAY': ':0', 'LANG': 'en_US.UTF-8', 'CUSTOM_VAR': 'test'}`
- `chromium_sandbox` (default: `True` except in Docker): Enable Chromium sandboxing for security
- `devtools` (default: `False`): Open DevTools panel automatically (requires `headless=False`)
- `ignore_default_args`: List of default args to disable, or `True` to disable all. Use list like `['--enable-automation', '--disable-extensions']`

## Timing & Performance
- `minimum_wait_page_load_time` (default: `0.25`): Minimum time to wait before capturing page state in seconds
- `wait_for_network_idle_page_load_time` (default: `0.5`): Time to wait for network activity to cease in seconds
- `wait_between_actions` (default: `0.5`): Time to wait between agent actions in seconds

## AI Integration
- `highlight_elements` (default: `True`): Highlight interactive elements for AI vision

## Downloads & Files
- `accept_downloads` (default: `True`): Automatically accept all downloads
- `downloads_path`: Directory for downloaded files. Use string like `'./downloads'` or `Path` object
- `auto_download_pdfs` (default: `True`): Automatically download PDFs instead of viewing in browser

## Device Emulation
- `user_agent`: Custom user agent string. Example: `'Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 14_0 like Mac OS X)'`
- `screen`: Screen size information, same format as `window_size`

## Recording & Debugging
- `record_video_dir`: Directory to save video recordings as `.webm` files
- `record_har_path`: Path to save network trace files as `.har` format
- `traces_dir`: Directory to save complete trace files for debugging
- `record_har_content` (default: `'embed'`): HAR content mode (`'omit'`, `'embed'`, `'attach'`)
- `record_har_mode` (default: `'full'`): HAR recording mode (`'full'`, `'minimal'`)

## Advanced Options
- `disable_security` (default: `False`): ⚠️ **NOT RECOMMENDED** - Disables all browser security features
- `deterministic_rendering` (default: `False`): ⚠️ **NOT RECOMMENDED** - Forces consistent rendering but reduces performance

---

## Outdated BrowserProfile
For backward compatibility, you can pass all the parameters from above to the `BrowserProfile` and then to the `Browser`.
```python
from browser_use import BrowserProfile
profile = BrowserProfile(headless=False)
browser = Browser(browser_profile=profile)
```

## Browser vs BrowserSession

`Browser` is an alias for `BrowserSession` - they are exactly the same class:
Use `Browser` for cleaner, more intuitive code.
